[Music]
hi
i'm tyler lewis i'm 18 years old and i'm
from hayes london
she's gorgeous
i'll show you around now so as you walk
in you have my lizard enclosure
this is like the guinea pig corner i
need pets i love pets
so i have two guinea pigs a hamster
called bing
a dog called shadow a cat called puss
and
a lizard called maui because we used to
like moana and that was like the most
exotic name we could think of
i've never been singing lessons just
sitting at home in my kitchen or in my
bedroom wherever
[Music]
hi hi how
what are you going to be singing today
circles by mariah carey
let's just get straight to it tyler this
is your moment
ever since you left me i've been trying
to hide the pain
painted on a smile with lipstick
putting on a big charade i
just keep going around and rounding
circles keep on tumbling
down
has changed
[Music]
my world has changed and i don't think i
could make
it without you
got me running around in circles over
[Music]
[Applause]
why am i crying because it was so
[Music]
yeah you're really special well i don't
think you know how special you are
in a way i kind of love that it's really
endearing that i really really like that
about you
and so you're only 18 right yeah also i
mean i'm not 15 right i'm 18 yeah but
you're just
phenomenal when i started when i was 18
you know i mean
i couldn't only dream of sounding like i
know i can't believe it and that's
i just feel so lucky that we found you
tyler your riffs are like effortless
singing to you right now is like
breathing like it just comes out you
open your mouth and it comes out
you're making me feel really emotional
we take her to a vote
yeah you just stood there opened your
mouth and i was moved and you brought me
to tears
i'm rooting for you the whole way so i'm
going to say yes
you're amazing yes yes thank you
i think this is so exciting because
obviously the group that we're looking
for
we want the best singers
and i think you've literally just proved
exactly what we're looking for
it's a yes yes yes
[Music]
you